Previously on
"Sons of Anarchy"...
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Easy now, love.
Who the hell are you?
Nero Padilla.
I'm a companionater.
(gunshot)
Opie found out the truth.
[yells]
He's the one that shot me.
Jax:
Ope!
I'm sorry you see that
as a betrayal.
The only betrayal
that I see
is Clay not being the one
going in that hole.
I murdered an innocent girl.
Tara:
Who is Veronica Pope?
Jax:
Damon Pope's daughter.
Know my pain,
Mr. Trager.
- Tig: No, baby.
- (Dawn whimpering)
Dawn: No!
- (Dawn screaming)
- No...!
This warrant's out for
me, Tig and Chibs.
We need protection
in County.
You keep us alive.
We'll see what we can do.
So, you came to say good-bye?
Yeah.
Get him out of here!
Tara:
What the hell is Opie doing?
Gemma:
He's staying close.
(buzzer sounds)
(indistinct talking)
Here we go.
This ain't happening here, ese.
This is our beef.
You ain't got no business
with these boys.
That word comes
straight from the SHU.
You got a spot with us, boy.
Appreciate that.
(chatter)
(water running)
Oh, hey.
Hi.
Sleep okay?
I had a nightmare
my son didn't invite me
to his wedding,
and then he got arrested.
Mmm.
Hmm.
Love hurts.
Mm-hmm.
Uh-huh.
Emma Jean's waiting.
Wants to book her schedule.
I don't think
your Whore Friday
is keen on me
occupying your time.
Mm, Carla's a little intense.
I got a freelancer
in from Indiana.
For the farmer's daughter's
experience.
Something like that.
Depravity craves innocence.
Any word about your boy?
No.
They're gonna be fine.
Yeah.
(door opens, closes)
Pope finds out
brown has our back,
he's gonna find other
ways to hurt us.
Aryans.
Yeah, and the guards.
(door buzzer)
All these greedy bastards
are on the take.
(door closes)
Teller.
Let's go-- with me.
For what?
You shut your mouth
and get your ass out here.
You talk to Romeo?
Luis.
The guys are safe.
Thank God.
Thank vatos with shivs.
He wants to meet.
Lindelof Pines.
Seemed urgent.
About
getting the guys out?
I don't know.
Are you up to it?
No choice.
What's going on?
The guys are okay.
Are you sure?
Yeah, positive.
I promise.
Does Tara know?
I just called her.
Okay,
I'm heading over there.
We got a thing.
Yeah, okay.
(knocking on door)
Come in.
(door opens)
Sit down.
You want me to cuff him?
Nope. We're good.
Relax.
Just here to talk.
Yeah?
Is that what you told
Tig's girl
before you set her on fire?
Let's not discuss
the tragedy of dead girls.
That's an argument
you'd lose.
Look, I tried
to reach out to you,
somehow make this right.
What the hell
do you want, man?
You were able to get
protection inside.
Profitable relationships
with the Galindo cartel,
Real IRA, guns, coke.
You guys are too smart.
Too, uh, ambitious.
For a bunch
of white trash bikers?
To kill.
Now, I know you're
not dealing the coke.
You're muling it.
What's your end?
You don't think
I'll find out?
A hundred per shipment.
Now 50 of that is mine.
That's not gonna happen
without a--
This is not a discussion.
This is about you
learning how to survive.
Now, Trager,
he stays inside
for the rest of his life.
I'll make sure
he's treated accordingly.
This way, every time
I think about my daughter,
I know where he is
and what's being done
to him.
I need a dead Son
for the Niner
and the cop you killed.
It maintains
my relationships.
I don't care who.
The commander
knows about it.
He'll set it up.
When that happens, witnesses
are no longer witnesses,
and you get out to earn.
Come on, man.
I'm not just gonna kill
one of my guys.
Yes, you are.
Before
the next guard shift.
The cost of doing battle.
I'm not going to war.
You're already in it,
son.
(buzzer sounds, door closes)
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
I didn't know
your office was for rent.
Thing you got to handle
goes down in solitary.
Don't want riots in my yard.
Shift sergeant can walk
you through the process.
It's his game.
We're done.
(chatter)
Hey.
May I help you?
I'm here to see my grandkids,
Abel and Thomas.
Hi, Grandma.
Gemma: Hi, baby.
Sorry. Only the father
has access.
Excuse me?
You have to be on the list.
Uh, you can have his mom
sign a consent form.
Uh-huh.
It's because Diana's abdominal
wall hasn't fully developed,
so Dr. Namid is gonna
perform a s--
What are you doing,
Gemma?
I'm so sorry.
Please excuse me.
She's in the middle
of counseling.
Not now, Red.
I'm sorry. I got it.
What the hell are you doing?
Apparently,
I'm not on the list.
Jesus Christ.
Yes, the hospital requires
consent upon visitation.
I'm not a visitor.
I'm their goddamn
grandmother.
And I'm their goddamn
mother.
You will not bully me
into changing how I
raise my children.
I am not bullying.
I'm just
helping the strangers
that are taking care
of my grandkids.
They don't need
your help.
Wrap a scarf
around that shit.
What are you, 15?
I hear you
loud and clear, Mom.
(Tara exhales)
I hate it when she makes you
stoop to her level.
I didn't stoop.
Yo, come on, brother.
Let's go, let's go.
Deal it, baby.
(chatter)
What happened?
I'll fill everyone in.
Aren't you getting
tired of this?
Lockup or being confused
by your vague questions?
It just ain't fun
anymore.
Chasing cash we don't need
and spending every dime
trying to stay alive.
American dream.
(chuckle)
Where they take you?
Commander's office.
Face time
with Damon Pope.
Shit, man. That guy's
got everybody tapped.
He gave me his demands.
He wants me dead.
He didn't say that.
He wants
half our muling earn.
50K per shipment.
What else?
I'm not sure.
He's gonna have a guard
fill me in.
And what?
What does that mean?
We'll find out.
Our sources confirm
that Pope met with Jax.
Inside?
Shit.
Idi Amin's got reach.
Yeah. And he
laid out his terms.
We have to prepare
for every scenario.
Meaning if they don't
get out alive.
Meaning one of our
shipments was attacked.
Torched trucks don't
give us much comfort.
And Mr. Galindo needs to know
that everyone
is paying attention.
That attack was personal,
not business.
You got your coke on time.
Tell Galindo to relax.
The MC will get
his guns and blow
in one piece, on schedule.
Good.
And you make sure
that our guys get
out of County alive.
We hear anything from
your men, we'll call you.
Clubhouse?
You know where she's been.
Who?
Gemma?
No, I don't know
anything.
That wasn't a question.
You know where she's been.
Not really.
I can't, Clay.
I lost my seat.
Half a lung.
If I'm not riding in a month,
I lose my vote.
She's the only thing
I got left.
I-I just need to find out
if it is what I think it is.
Her killing time
with somebody to hurt me.
I ain't gonna set it on fire.
I promise.
Please.
Juice, it's killing me.
Oh, shit.
(chatter)
I'll be outside in a minute.
They told me
I could wait for you.
Everything all right?
Abel's fine.
You mind?
Jax got picked up.
Manslaughter.
Oh, shit.
Highway shooting
last month.
Charges are bullshit.
They always are.
How's Tara?
Not good.
Between what's going on
with Jax
and her hand
getting messed up,
she's in bad shape.
That's why I'm here.
I think
she's self-medicating.
Oh.
Pain meds?
Oxy.
Now I'm worried
about the kids.
Does Jax know?
He's blind to it.
Well, you should tell
someone at the hospital.
No. I'm not letting in
outsiders.
Why are you telling me
this, Gemma?
You want Abel in your life?
You want me to threaten her
with oxy abuse?
What the hell
did she do to you?
Doesn't matter.
I'm giving you
the leverage you need.
Unbelievable.
Yeah,
it's a shitty way in.
But it beats some messy
custody suit,
which we both know
is the only other way
you're gonna ever
get to see your kid.
It's a small,
unstable window.
Just think about it.
"He will never
call you Mommy."
Your promise to me.
Remember?
Yeah.
I remember everything.
GUARD: Opening gate.
(door buzzes)
GUARD (over P.A.):
Yard recall by the block.
E Block, line up.
Hey.
Yard time up already?
Cutting back on guards.
Bring half of us in
before shift change.
Shit.
Hey.
Guard I got to speak to
is in solitary.
We got to do this now
before the shift change.
You with me?
Yeah.
We got to take this one
alone, ese.
Orale.
Ho!
Come on, guys, get
these cracker bitches!
(grunting)
Get down! Everybody down
On the ground! Move, move!
(yelling)
(gunshot)
All inmates
will immediately lie
face down on the ground,
hands behind your back.
(grunt)
Face in.
Two to a room.
No yard time.
One meal.
Yeah, my big
black dick.
Who said that?
All I see is teeth.
What did you say?
(grunts)
Shut up!
Save that shit for the box!
Now get your ass up.
You, too. Get up!
Get back in line.
(knocking on door)
It's open.
Hey.
Sorry to barge in.
This is not a good time.
I guess not.
I heard about Jax.
Yeah.
You and everyone else.
Oh, my God,
he's so beautiful.
Thank you.
I have to go.
We need to begin
the conversation about Abel.
There is no conversation.
Look, your life
is very messy, Tara.
I know.
It used to be my life.
And with Jax
running the club,
it's only going to get
more complicated.
And what does that
have to do with my son?
His father
is a convicted felon,
and his guardian is
psychologically fragile.
That's bullshit.
And I'm not
just his guardian.
I'm his mother.
Legally, we got married.
When?
Yesterday.
Oh.
Congratulations.
You still have to tell Abel
that I'm his mother,
or the court will.
Why do this today?
Gemma.
Of course.
It had to happen.
Do you really think
she wants Abel to know
you're his mom?
She tried to kill you.
Or have you
forgotten that?
No.
She's pissed because I'm not
letting her run my family.
What did she tell you?
That I'm unstable?
What?
Strung out on painkillers?
Look at me.
You know what opiates
look like.
Are my eyes pinned?
I haven't taken a pill
in over a month.
She played you,
like she does me,
like she does everybody.
Probably.
But it doesn't
change the truth.
What truth?
That I'm a surgeon,
and you're some ex-junkie
biker whore.
You want to come
after me and my family?
Bring it on, darling.
I'm not afraid of you
or your bullshit
custody threat.
(scoff)
Okay, Gemma.
What aren't you telling us?
Lying by omission is still
lying, and you suck at it.
(door buzzes)
You the one calling it?
I guess.
I need a minute alone.
He can stay.
Word from upstairs is one
of you four leaves in a bag.
Pick the guy.
I'll handle the rest.
And what's the rest?
We go to the box
after the shift change.
He fights...
until he loses.
I'm guessing
it's one of the other two.
I need to know which one.
We got a little action
going...
put odds on how long
he'll last.
I'll give you a few minutes
to figure it out.
(door buzzer)
Pope wants Tig to rot inside.
And he wants a dead Son
for the Niner
and the cop we killed.
(sighs)
I'm treading water
here, Ope.
I got no idea how to keep
everyone alive.
I miss your old man.
Yeah, me, too.
Tara found some letters.
Maureen Ashby
stuffed them in my gear.
They were love letters
between her and my dad.
They made it pretty clear
that JT wanted
to get us out of guns,
and Clay didn't want it.
JT predicted that Clay
was gonna kill him--
specifically that he would
sabotage his bike.
And he was right.
Yeah, that's...
that's insane.
Tara told Piney, Ope.
She was digging
into him for truth.
It's when we were inside.
When the cartel shit
went down,
Piney, he must've threatened
Clay with the letters.
So, that's...
that's why Clay killed
my old man?
Yeah.
(grunting)
Stop!
Why didn't you let me
kill him?
Why didn't you
let me kill him?
There's a RICO case
pending against the club.
Otto gave up Bobby.
(panting)
How do you know?
Romeo is doing
double time.
He's cartel and CIA.
He put a pin in RICO
so we could keep the big
guns and drugs flowing.
That pin gets pulled,
we all go down.
And Clay doesn't know.
Just me and Bobby.
Clay is the only one
that Gaalan will sell
big guns to.
Romeo needs him alive.
That's it, Ope.
That's all the truth.
I had to make a choice,
brother.
Kill Clay
or save the club.
You made the wrong choice.
My office said you called?
Yeah, I need you to fill out
this, um, paperwork.
CDC approval?
I'm gonna be doing some
gratis work at the prison.
Okay.
Thanks.
Some of the nurses were
saying you got married?
Yesterday. It was a quick,
private thing.
We didn't tell anyone.
Oh, uh, security paged me
on the way up.
Gemma's waiting outside
daycare for the kids.
You want me to handle it?
No. It's a family thing.
I got it.
Thanks.
See you tomorrow.
Bye, now.
Ready to see Daddy, Charlotte?
GEMMA:
You're late.
Wendy paid me a visit today.
What did that bitch want?
(Tara sighs)
I love you, Gemma.
I really do.
You and me, we've been
down a long road,
and I know you love
Jax and the boys,
and they adore you.
Where is this
sad song going?
You're pissed off.
Afraid I'm trying
to push you out.
That's why you're
twisting up Wendy,
trying to use her
to hurt me.
Oh, save the bullshit
indignation.
She copped to it.
I forgot.
You're the smart one.
My pretty little
Frankenstein.
That's right.
And here's something else
that might sound familiar.
Don't ever try to hurt me
or my family again.
Or what, Doctor?
You gonna kill me?
No.
But my husband might.
(phone ringing)
(ring)
Yeah, what?
I've got two of your guys
just walked in.
Real cute thing
and some old dude.
He's carting O2.
Shit.
That's my old man.
I'll be right there.
What?
You ditching
another warrant?
Nah, we're just
looking around.
You mind?
No, no, not at all.
It's all good.
I'm Nero.
Clay.
You got a nice shop.
Thanks.
This is Gemma's old man.
Yeah.
And I'm guessing
you're the new one.
Look, I got no idea what
your situation is, man.
Just know this right here
is not the place
to try to work it out.
And we should go.
I'm just getting comfortable.
Oh.
Whoa.
Is she available?
You really think
that's a good idea?
Look, friend,
I'm just a wounded guy
in need
of a little comfort.
Come on, Clay.
Shut up.
Okay.
You think he's up to that?
I'm Emma.
I don't know.
Come on, baby.
It's time to graduate.
Really?
Really.
What are you doing?
You think
you're the only one
who gets to play
with white trash?
Actually,
I'm Puerto Rican.
Stop talking, honey.
Okay.
Is he charging me?
(door buzzer)
Looks like you two
came to a decision.
Which guy goes?
We're still
working it out.
We just want to make sure
we cover the spread.
(grunt)
Bad idea.
This is my hell, bitch.
I make the rules.
If you don't pick
which guy fights, I will.
(door slams)
You all right?
Yeah.
What're you gonna do?
Pick the guy.
Excuse me.
Hey.
Where is he?
You knew he came up?
Well, Carla called.
Yeah, well, he was just
pissing on my shoes.
You know?
They already split.
We're not together.
You're not divorced.
(Juice laughing)
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Where is he?
Who?
Really?
Shit.
Let's just go upstairs.
You want me kicking in
every goddamn door?
Are you kidding?
Room 3.
What's going on?
(Emma screaming)
Gemma, come on.
Gemma, let go!
Let go!
(shouting)
No! Gemma!
Come on, okay?
Get off me!
(chuckling)
(door buzzer)
You boys okay?
Yeah.
You, uh, you find out
what's going on?
Pope wants one of us dead.
Jesus Christ.
Me.
No.
No, you, he wants
alive and inside...
forever.
Oh, all right, so...
how we handling this,
Jackie?
Hmm?
I don't give a shit
who Pope is
or how deep his reach is.
He doesn't make that call.
We decide our fate.
Yeah.
(door opens)
Am I choosing or you?
My call.
No.
No, no!
Hey, hey!
You stupid bitch!
Throw him in.
No! No! No!
(all yelling)
Get back!
(yelling continues)
Let him go.
Keep it interesting,
shithead.
Ope!
I got this.
He's all yours.
Ha!
Aah!
(Jax yells, Opie groans)
(panting)
(yelling)
(blows landing)
(Chibs continues yelling)
(door buzzer)
There's a man
who wants to see you.
You guys are heading
back to gen pop.
I'm getting released.
There's nothing you can
do to stop that.
I'll find out who you are
and where you live.
And then I'm gonna
kill you.
(lock buzzes, clicks)
(door closes)
How's the girl?
Wouldn't talk to me.
She took off.
Back to Indiana?
Another
escort service.
Emma's an earner.
I'm sorry.
I lost my shit.
Maybe you should
slow down with that.
You telling me
what to do now?
No.
I see what happens
when people try to do that.
(chuckles)
He pissed me off...
coming up here.
The other side of anger.
It ain't love.
I got nothing good
left for Clay.
Sounds like things
went according to plan.
There's a new plan.
I just watched my best friend
get beaten to death...
for you.
Now I'm gonna get the club
to sign off on your cash,
but I need Trager outside.
Him knowing I saved his life
gives me an internal
advantage I'm gonna need.
And when I'm done,
you can send him out
the same way you did his kid
'cause I really don't
give a shit.
There you go.
Finding
the hidden advantage
in an unfortunate
circumstance.
Using pain to take you
to the next level.
Those are the things that
turn players into kings.
Well,
I guess you would know.
Yes, I would.
Keep a short leash
on Trager.
And these home
invasions gotta stop.
It's not my doing.
The Niners, then.
It better not be,
but I'll look into it.
I'd like to call my wife.
Let her know that I'm safe.
There you go.
Be smart, Mr. Teller.
It's who you are.
(babbling)
(phone ringing)
Want me to get it?
Nope.
(ring)
Hello.
JAX:
Hey, babe.
Hi. Are you okay?
Yeah.
♪ The ground is what
this blood knows ♪
(gunshot, women scream)
Let me see your hands!
What the hell's going on?!
What are you...?!
Don't move!
Paramedics for my homey
over there, man, huh?
Over here, come on.
Aah!
NERO:
Hey, hey, that's not
necessary, old boy.
Had to be Emma Jean.
(police radio chatter)
Yeah, yeah.
In here, lovely one.
Have a seat.
Put her with the others.
(door buzzer)
Sorry you losing
that boy, ese.
News travels fast.
Talk to Pope?
Give us a minute.
Yeah, sure.
I'm cool.
Come on.
The deal is set
with Pope.
We'll be out of here
tomorrow morning.
Figure out who we owe
favors to in here.
And get me some intel
on that sergeant in solitary.
Aye.
What about him?
He goes with us.
How?
Send him over.
Hey, he wants you.
I'm sorry, Jax.
I know it should have
been me in the box.
But it wasn't.
I talked to Pope.
The witnesses that put you
killing his girl go away.
You're coming out with us.
You got me clear?
Yes, I did.
Thank you, man.
It's not about thanks.
From now on,
you back my every play.
You support all my deals.
And you never...
vote against me again.
You got my word, brother.